DOC-3147: Update split button documentation (#3793)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.0-release-notes.adoc

// CCFR here.

> === Split button component architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Split buttons are now rendered as separate action and chevron buttons.
```

// CCFR here.

=== Split button tooltip configuration
// #TINY-8665

> The `+chevronTooltip+` property provides custom tooltip text for the chevron button portion of split buttons. When `+chevronTooltip+` is not specified, {productname} automatically generates tooltip text using the pattern `+"{tooltip} menu"+`. The enhanced `+setTooltip+` method intelligently updates both main and chevron tooltips to maintain consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `+chevronTooltip+` option provides custom tooltip text specifically for the chevron portion of split buttons. When this option is not provided, {productname} generates a default tooltip using the pattern `+"{tooltip} menu"+`. To ensure consistency between both parts of the split button, the enhanced `+setTooltip+` method now automatically updates the chevron tooltip alongside the main button tooltip.
```

> The `+chevronTooltip+` property provides custom tooltip text for the chevron button portion of split buttons. When `+chevronTooltip+` is not specified, {productname} automatically generates tooltip text using the pattern `+"{tooltip} menu"+`. The enhanced `+setTooltip+` method intelligently updates both main and chevron tooltips to maintain consistency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `+chevronTooltip+` property provides custom tooltip text for the chevron button portion of split buttons. When `+chevronTooltip+` is not specified, {productname} automatically generates tooltip text using the pattern `+"{tooltip} menu"+`. The enhanced `+setTooltip+` method updates both main and chevron tooltips to maintain consistency.
```

// CCFR here.

=== Split button DOM structure changes
// #TINY-8665

> The split buttons are now rendered as two separate buttons: action and dropdown. Each has its own event handling and focus management. Split button components now use `+.tox-split-button__main+` and `+.tox-split-button__chevron+` CSS classes. Custom CSS that targets split button internals may need to be updated to reflect these changes.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if a separate changelog entry is necessary. This could be the second paragraph of the `Split buttons are now rendered as separate action and chevron buttons`.

> === Split button DOM structure changes
> // #TINY-8665
> 
> The internal DOM structure of split buttons has been updated to support the new component architecture. Split button components now use `+.tox-split-button__main+` and `+.tox-split-button__chevron+` CSS classes instead of the previous composite structure. Each component renders as a separate DOM element with independent event handling and focus management. Custom CSS targeting split button internals may require updates to accommodate the new structure.
> 

Reviewer: Suggested changes, also regarding `Custom CSS that targets split button internals may need to be updated to reflect these changes.` what does this look like- will we need to include something in the migration page.
```suggestion
=== Split button DOM structure changes
// #TINY-8665

The internal DOM structure of split buttons has been updated to align with the new component-based architecture. Split button components now use the `+.tox-split-button__main+` and `+.tox-split-button__chevron+` CSS classes in place of the previous composite layout. Each part of the split button is rendered as an independent DOM element with separate event handling and focus management. Custom CSS that targets split button internals may need to be updated to reflect these changes.

```

Reviewer 2: It could be simplified by not mentioning architecture changes. IMO, it should be like this:
```
The split buttons are now rendered as two separate buttons: action and dropdown. Each has its own event handling and focus management. 
```
